
Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Joses W. Ho

1. General. The software, documentation and any fonts accompanying this License
whether on disk, in read only memory, on any other media or in any other form
(collectively the “Software”) are licensed, not sold, to you by Joses W. Ho
(the Author) for use only under the terms of this License, and the author
reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. The rights granted herein are
limited to the author's intellectual property rights in the software and do not
include any other patents or intellectual property rights. You own the media on
which the Software is recorded but the Author retain ownership of the Software
itself.

2. Transfer. You may not rent, lease, lend or sublicense the Software. You may,
however, make a one-time permanent transfer of all of your license rights to the
Software to another party, provided that: (a) the transfer must include all of
the Software, including all its component parts, original media, printed
materials and this License; (b) you do not retain any copies of the Software,
full or partial, including copies stored on a computer or other storage device;
and (c) the party receiving the Software reads and agrees to accept the terms
and conditions of this License.

3. Termination. This License is effective until terminated. Your rights under
this License will terminate automatically without notice from the Author if you
fail to comply with any term(s) of this License.

4.  Disclaimer of Warranties. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
